

Variable:
Mana, action, speed
strength? magical power?

Basic card:

4 mana fireball
Deal X damage
1 action
?? speed

Basic deck:
Hide: Quick block
Defend: medium paced block
Strike : basic attack
Killing blow: slow attack based on something

basic cards (with mana?):
parry: gain parry & 1 action
big defense: slow paced block + 1 action
doublie strike: 2 async attacks?
quick strike: quick damage + 1 card?
Basic status? Inflame, disarm, etc?



Initiative + cast time OR Speed + rapidity for consistence (final time = SUM(v1, v2))


Only spell have cast time? 

	fix leveling for all units
animate 2D with 2Danimation package
	Generate cards with a generator
effects icon
	multiple units zone
Perlin animation: multiple images for 1 quad using offset on image pixel index?
	clean cards attributes
	card database
Recursif animator? Algo:
Wait for -animation- trigger
when trigger: if(current state != null){copy(self).trigger(-animation-)}
else{play(-animation-)}
Animator handler?

Idea: link card to unit level: mage: fire blast: deal 5 damage + burn for  damage for 5 ticks. If you have more than X points in fire mastery, deal 5 additional damage.


OBJECTIF DEMO:
[]	SOUND
[]	ANIMATION
[]	DEBUG




This is the Overworld. Right now, you are located on the bottom right of the map.
You can see your team and learn more about it with the button "Party" and adjust the settings with the button "Menu" on the top right.
Otherwise, you can click on the next node on the Overworld to start your first combat.

Welcome to The Compagnie. This is currently an alpha version, build v0.1.
Please note that this is far from a final build and that everything that you see here can be subject to change.
It would help me a lot if you provide some feedback. In the meantime, I hope you enjoy this!


BASIC FEEDBACK:
More UI: see intent when dragging a card, alongside potential damage (greying health bar) and mana cost (greying mana bar). Present
poison damage (green overlay Sts? dégradé suivant l'intensité?).
